FONTLOG.txt for Fabrik

OFL Open Font License
http://scripts.sil.org/OFL

Fontfamily Fabrik by Uwe Borchert 
E-Mail: uwe.borchert@gmx.de

This typeface is initialy based on Beteckna Ver. 0.2
by Johan Mattsson and inspired by the (original) Erbar 
Grotesk, Drescher Grotesk BT (Drescher Grotesk BT 
SmallSizes -> Footnote), house numbers, road signs 
in Germany, the numbers of Prof. Dr. Klein, Paul 
Renners Bahnhofsfutura (1924) and Bauhaus-movement. 
In short this is a real ,,Deutsche Grotesk'' (on
american english a "german gothic") in 1920th style.

Black     : real fat Headlines
Bold      : medium and small Headlines (*)
Regular   : textfont
Condensed : condensed Textfont
BoldCond  : condensed Headlines (since Version 1.1)
Italic    : quotes (not realy good)
Footnote  : very small Text (Footnotes, experimental)

(*) Use should use black or a real display typeface 
    for big headlines

There are three fontforge-script for generating the 
first guesses for the bold, condensed and italic out 
of the normal/regular font. See in the subdirectory
scripts for: sfd2bold.ff, sfd2cond.ff and sfd2ital.ff. 
There are also a few *.sh an *.ff scripts for the 
automatic batch conversion in the top directory.
    
The typeface "Fabrik" is made for labels on glasses 
with spice to replace the commercial typefaces Futura 
and/or Drescher Grotesk BT. The free typeface Tapir 
(inspired by Rudolf Kochs Kabel, aka Cable) is used 
for the headlines.

This fonts includes long-s and st-ligature for the
blackletter style typesetting of the german language.
For the proper usage of the long-s and st-ligature
consult the ,,Duden'', Chapter: ,,Maschinenschreiben,
Textsatz und E-Mails'' (Typewriting, Typesetting and
E-Mails). 

ChangeLog

20.02.2010 (Uwe Borchert) Fabrik Version 1.5
(Changes to work with lout typesetting)
- changed encoding to Adobe Standard
- added endash and emdash

14.02.2010 (Uwe Borchert) Fabrik Version 1.4
- corrected number 3 in all typefaces
- Footnote autowidth to 65, changed a and e

09.01.2010 (Uwe Borchert) Fabrik Version 1.3
- corrected horizontal stem in lower f, fi, ff and
  ft-ligature in n, b, k, nc, bc, italic and footnote 
  (according to lower t), changed small g

06.01.2010 (Uwe Borchert) Fabrik Version 1.2
- corrected horizontal stem in lower f in n, b, k, nc, 
  bc, italic and footnote (according to lower t)
- lower apostroph in n, b, k, nc, bc and italic

13.11.2009 (Uwe Borchert) Fabrik Version 1.1
- added Fabrik BoldCondensed
- changed small d to smaller in n, b, k, nc, bc
- changed small e to taller in n, b, k, nc, bc
- make germandbls thinner in nc
- Make forgotten changes to akzented characters:
  changed Aring (n), Idieresis (n, b, k),
- fixed problem with acroread pdf-viewer for
  small l, capital I (all except italic)


03.11.2009 (Uwe Borchert) Fabrik Version 1.0
- Totaly rewritten Beteckna Ver 0.2, changed 
  charakters a, t, addes germandbls, longs and
  ligatures.
- Released as "Fabrik"
